fix: Update README to support example application (#8)
GoogleCloudPlatform/architecture-center-samples: gen-ai-rag-vertex-ai-vector-search/README.md

To try this sample:

  1. [Enable the required APIs](https://console.cloud.google.com/flows/enableapi?apiid=run.googleapis.com,pubsub.googleapis.com,aiplatform.googleapis.com,iam.googleapis.com,storage.googleapis.com,cloudfunctions.googleapis.com,eventarc.googleapis.com,cloudbuild.googleapis.com).
  1. Follow the [setup instructions](/README.md#setup) to deploy the sample.

> This will deploy the base architecture, but the applications will not be functional.

Reviewer: maybe instead .. 

This will deploy the supporting infrastructure for the pattern. 

followed with a 

"If you want to install a functional application, you can use X"

As an example application, follow the instructions in the [RAG Architectures - App Source Code](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/devrel-demos/tree/main/ai-ml/rag-architectures).

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: I wouldn't include this NOTE. This is meant to support the Architecture Center content and AFAIK as long as the Architecture Center content exists, this specific code supporting artifact should be maintained to match.

Author: I've clarified that the Example Application is different to the Architecture.

To try this sample:

  1. [Enable the required APIs](https://console.cloud.google.com/flows/enableapi?apiid=run.googleapis.com,pubsub.googleapis.com,aiplatform.googleapis.com,iam.googleapis.com,storage.googleapis.com,cloudfunctions.googleapis.com,eventarc.googleapis.com,cloudbuild.googleapis.com).
  1. Follow the [setup instructions](/README.md#setup) to deploy the sample.

This will deploy the supporting infrastructure for the pattern.

If you want to install a functional example application, follow the
instructions in the [RAG Architectures - App Source
Code](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/devrel-demos/tree/main/ai-ml/rag-architectures).

> [!NOTE]
> The App Source Code was produced for a Google Cloud Next demo and is unmaintained.

> We suggest manually changing the deployed infrastructure to try this example

Reviewer: Maybe update to say to try this linked example application (because THIS example could also mean the one linked here which is what I got confused about)

Author: Updated words to reflect which "this"

> We suggest manually changing the deployed infrastructure to try this example
> application (e.g. building the container images and editing the deployed
> service in the Google Cloud console to use the new container image, add
> environment variables, etc).

Author: ```suggestion
We suggest deploying the terraform in this folder, then manually updating the deployment as described in the [sample application README](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/devrel-demos/tree/main/ai-ml/rag-architectures#steps) (i.e. building the container images and editing the deployed service in the Google Cloud console to use the new container image, add environment variables, etc).
```
